---
layout: post
title:  "HT G3 Day6"
date:   2019-01-07 22:50:47 +0700
categories: Project
tags: 'HT Project'
author: Bo Yang
---
Today we re-checked the figures and found new codes to make better volcano. Then we met the supervisor and discussed the results of the analysis.

## What we have done today:
### Optimized the figures (mainly by Feride).

- Optimized the codes and figured out the gene that was most regulated based on the Fold change (*1000 times*) in each experiment groups.
 
- Met the supervisor and discussed the result, the good news was quanlitication by **kallisto** was reliable compared with the results from pepline in their lab.
	- The most regulated gene in each sample was same as the result from the supervisor except one. We discussed the reasons for that later including tools we used, dataset problems etc.
	- Then we consider it might be due to the lack of plasmids reference in our results. 

### Discussed the outline of the poster.

- Marit took notes and made an outline for the poster text after the discussion.

- Try to figure out the potential function for the DEGs.

- Give up the lateral analysis such as GO and KEGG for two reasons:
	
	- We have not found a suitable tools including reference **HCC6818** for *Synechocystis*.
	- We have already reached our goal for DGEs. 
 
 
## Problems we met:
1. The choose for the reference is different from the supervisor who also took the genes for **plasmids** as reference because the chromosome in cyanobacteria is simple, notably, the plasmids also contain functional genes different from chromosome.



## Plan:
- We plan to start the poster and check the results again.

- Maybe to see more assessment for the dataset.


